Mountain

A mountain is an elevated portion of the Earth's crust, generally with steep sides that show significant exposed bedrock. Although definitions vary, a mountain may differ from a plateau in having a limited summit area, and is usually higher than a hill, typically rising at least 300 metres (980 ft) above the surrounding land. A few mountains are isolated summits, but most occur in mountain ranges.[1]

Mountains are formed through tectonic forces, erosion, or volcanism,[1] which act on time scales of up to tens of millions of years.[2] Once mountain building ceases, mountains are slowly leveled through the action of weathering, through slumping and other forms of mass wasting, as well as through erosion by rivers and glaciers.[3]

High elevations on mountains produce colder climates than at sea level at similar latitude. These colder climates strongly affect the ecosystems of mountains: different elevations have different plants and animals. Because of the less hospitable terrain and climate, mountains tend to be used less for agriculture and more for resource extraction, such as mining and logging, along with recreation, such as mountain climbing and skiing.


----------------------
Donuts


Krispy Kreme has been serving delicious, world class doughnuts and coffee since 1937. We have come
a long way since then but our focus has never changed. Fresh and delicious food has always been our goal. From our Original Glazed Doughnut, to our signature coffee, baked goods, and specialty drinks, we have been offering a one of kind taste experience to our customers for over 80 years.
We freshly bake our donuts in small batches throughout the day in our Restaurants. Our bakers hand-dip, glaze and sprinkle each donut with care. Available by the dozen, or half-dozen or on their own, our donuts are sure to be the perfect complement to your cup of coffee. Selection may vary by Restaurant.

Tim Horton's was always a huge treat! I can remember maybe once a month (although usually less often), Mom would take us to a Tim's, or just come home with that beautiful box. We always knew exactly what we were going to get: a Boston Cream donut! It was a sort of tradition for us, four Boston Cream donuts (one for Mom, one for my brother, one for my sister, and one for me). Now that my siblings and I are all moved out, its a memory that we cherish, and one that I think of every time that I visit my friendly neighbourhood Tim Horton's for a hot chocolate, or that beloved donut.


